Message_id,From,Time_stamp,Text
<8634116.1075863317968.JavaMail.evans@thyme>,mons.ellingson@pinnaclewest.com,2001-06-13 06:32:05,RE AA Ad Hoc Review TeamBill NonPrivilegedpst Original Message From mailto Sent Wednesday June AM To Ellingson Mons MZ Subject RE AA Ad Hoc Review Team Mons I would be available on the th th or th I cannot make it the week of the th Thanks Bill Original Message OK So far it looks likes this Yes is a date you can meet No you cant Jerry No No No No No No Yes Mons No Yes No No Yes Yes Yes Robert Dometrios Lisa Chris Carmine John Bill No No No No Yes Yes Yes Susan Thanks Mons Original Message From Harshbarger Robert mailto Sent Tuesday June PM To Ellingson Mons MZ Fotiou Demetrios Grow Lisa Smith Chris Tilghman Carmine Underwood John Williams Bill HoldenBaker Susan Cc Hackney Mark WZ Subject RE AA Ad Hoc Review Team Great suggestion Yes a meeting is needed especially for same day timelines May I suggest the conference center meeting rooms at the Portland Airport A flyin flyout meeting am to pm If you have a better location or better idea speakup Otherwise Ill check on availability of a room Looks like we are down to the last two weeks of this month or Ill try to send out a list of topics for an agenda tomorrow Robert Harshbarger Puget Sound Energy OASIS Trading Manager desk cell Mtg Datesxls
<24224762.1075863317995.JavaMail.evans@thyme>,mons.ellingson@pinnaclewest.com,2001-06-13 05:45:41,RE AA Ad Hoc Review Team Cc Bill NonPrivilegedpst OK So far it looks likes this Yes is a date you can meet No you cant Jerry No No No No No No Yes Mons No Yes No No Yes Yes Yes Robert Dometrios Lisa Chris Carmine John Bill Susan Thanks Mons Original Message From Harshbarger Robert mailto Sent Tuesday June PM To Ellingson Mons MZ Fotiou Demetrios Grow Lisa Smith Chris Tilghman Carmine Underwood John Williams Bill HoldenBaker Susan Cc Hackney Mark WZ Subject RE AA Ad Hoc Review Team Great suggestion Yes a meeting is needed especially for same day timelines May I suggest the conference center meeting rooms at the Portland Airport A flyin flyout meeting am to pm If you have a better location or better idea speakup Otherwise Ill check on availability of a room Looks like we are down to the last two weeks of this month or Ill try to send out a list of topics for an agenda tomorrow Robert Harshbarger Puget Sound Energy OASIS Trading Manager desk cell From HoldenBaker Susan TMSDITTSMTP Sent Tuesday June PM To Harshbarger Robert Ellingson Mons Fotiou Demetrios Grow Lisa HoldenBaker Susan Smith Chris Tilghman Carmine Underwood John Williams Bill Cc Hackney Mark Carter Gloria J TMSDITT Ellingwood Robert G TMS Hutchison Wesley A TMS Buchanan Shepard TMSDITT Buckmier Shirley M TMS McNeilKeister Jean TMS Hoffman Lorie S TMSDITT Lyons Barry D TMSDITT Subject RE AA Ad Hoc Review Team File NERC Policy Etag timelinesdraftdoc I have attached BPA Transmission Schedulings response to the questions posed by Bob in his email dated May below If the group feels it would be helpful to meet to discuss the timeline issues I am in support of that effort Otherwise I look forward to the responses from the rest of the group Thanks Sue Sue HoldenBaker Bonneville Power Administration Transmission Supply Original Message From Harshbarger Robert mailto Sent Tuesday May AM To Ellingson Mons Fotiou Demetrios Grow Lisa HoldenBaker Susan Smith Chris Tilghman Carmine Underwood John Williams Bill Cc Hackney Mark Subject RE AA Ad Hoc Review Team Timeliners Revision to yesterdays email due date is end of July So proposals by midJune first draft report by earlymidJuly discussion throughout Bob From Harshbarger Robert Sent Monday May PM To Ellingson Mons Fotiou Demetrios Grow Lisa HoldenBaker Susan Smith Chris Tilghman Carmine Underwood John Williams Bill Cc Hackney Mark Subject AA Ad Hoc Review Team Yes thats right you did raise your hand for this We are to submit to ISAS any recommendations by August what was the date I didnt write it down Is there benefit to have a facetoface meeting Either way well use email for discussion and maybe a conference call or two First assignment is to read AAInterim is what we are currently running with AAversiondraft goes before the NERC BOT June AAcandr contains public comments and responses from NERC IS File aainterimdocFile aavddocFile aacandrdoc Questions to keep in mind Are our current timelines as good as it gets Do we want to adopt the Eastern Interconnections timelines What are the deficiencies of our timelines Will these deficiencies be present under Which timing requirements could be changed with an reasonable amount of effort ie tariff items AGC ramp times AA etc Remember File trainedproswav Bob Harshbarger OASIS Trading Manager Puget Sound Energy voice fax pager cell Mtg Datesxls
<18999519.1075863318213.JavaMail.evans@thyme>,mons.ellingson@pinnaclewest.com,2001-06-12 13:09:33,FW Possible new Etag time tableBill NonPrivilegedpst I agree with Jerrys proposal However I would like to add one more thing Change the PSE Submit Deadline for a realtime tag to minutes instead of min We are insinuating that already when we say the Provider Assessment Time is lessthan or equal to minutes and the Time to Start of Transaction is greater than or equal to minutes Anyone wishing to discuss this further call Mons at Thanks Mons Ellingson Pinnacle West Original Message From Harshbarger Robert mailto Sent Monday June PM To Ellingson Mons MZ Fotiou Demetrios Grow Lisa HoldenBaker Susan Smith Chris Tilghman Carmine Underwood John Williams Bill Cc Hackney Mark WZ Subject FW Possible new Etag time table Jerry Dempsey has sent the attached regarding the preschedule flag in ETag What he is proposing is a revision to the timeline tables in AA to enable software to make the determination of whether or not a tag is for preschedule or realtime currently it is a flag set by the PSE creating the tag Referencing time in terms of the Load Control Areas prevailing time this fits the Authority Service is associated with the load control area and its the Authority Service that keeps the time It may be possible to get this revision worked in to the release Process Please review his proposal and comment Specifically do you support the concept of removing the flag and using the timing table logic Do you support adjusting times to reference the Load Control Area prevailing time If we reach a consensus on this issue by the end of the week we can forward on a recommendation to Mark for distribution to the whole ISAS If there is support from all of ISAS then it can be taken to NERC ISTISWG for approval Please let me know by the end of business June Bob Harshbarger From JERRY DEMPSEYSMTP Sent Sunday June AM To Cc Subject Possible new Etag time table tag time table draft june doc Bob Mark Hackney suggested I start with you on this issue since you were heading up the timing group for ISAS Here is the issue under the current WSCC timing table for tags in Policy it is impossible to program whether or not the tag is preschedule or realtime The NERC tagging group is the group that came up with manually selecting the preschedule flag I know that PPW BPA and ourselves have run into a couple of problems with this Its been when the merchant has selected that flag when it was actually a realtime transaction PPW and ourselves put it in our scheduling system BPA and someone else did not At the NERC OSC meeting last week I asked the question again about how can this be fixed in version I was hoping it was as easy as having each authority register their timezone in the new Master registry thats being developed Well it wasnt that easy They explained the other problems and I then developed the attached time table The group reviewed this time table and agreed that it could be automated to determine if a tag was preschedule or realtime In order to get this programmed into version we need to get Policy revised with the new time table In order to get the new time table approved it probably starts with your subgroup then probably goes to Hackney for an email vote to ISAS then probably on to WSCC OC then finally to NERC Problem is we need to do this quickly by the end of June if possible so that the new Policy will be out in time for release in October Now theres nothing that says this has to happen either Another option is to just leave it as it is today Id prefer to automate it but thats only my opinion At any rate the NERC OSC has agreed to include timezone in the new NERC Master registry They have also agreed to incorporate this change into if its part of Policy Thats were we stand right now As for your subgroup I dont think Im on your list but go ahead and add me on if you dont mind Call or email if you have any questions Thanks Jerry Jerrys Proposaldoc Mons Proposaldoc
